# PicTex
## Description
Are you an English learner? Want to give impressive descriptions of the pictures? 
PicTex is a service that provides you generated descriptions of the images that you send!
With the examples generated by our neural network, you may master the common task for English exams of describing the pictures.
Available through either the telegram bot or the iOS app.  

## Glossary
- __Telegram bot__
    Telegram bots are small programs that can embed in Telegram chats or public channels and perform a specific function
- __iOS application (app)__
    A software application developed for use on Apple's iOS-powered iPhone devices. iPhone apps are available through the Apple App Store and are designed to run on Apple's iOS mobile operating system, which powers the iPhone as well as Apple's iPad and iPod Touch devices

- __Neural network (artificial network network)__
    Neural networks reflect the behavior of the human brain, allowing computer programs to recognize patterns and solve common problems in the fields of AI, machine learning, and deep learning.

- __Client__
    Client is a piece of computer hardware or software that accesses a service made available by a server as part of the client–server model of computer networks.
- __Server__
    A server is a computer or system that provides resources, data, services, or programs to other computers, known as clients, over a network.
- __API (Application Programming Interface)__
    Software intermediary that allows two applications to talk to each other.
- __Image caption__
    Image captions, also known as cutlines, are a few lines of text used to explain and elaborate on published photographs

## Repositories
The project consists of several separate repositories that contain the code for different modules:
1. Picture-Inspector-server
https://github.com/PictureInspector/Picture-Inspector-server
2. pictureinspector-bot
https://github.com/PictureInspector/picture-inspector-bot
3. Picture-Inspector-ios
https://github.com/PictureInspector/Picture-Inspector-ios

## RUP Artifacts
The link to the Google Doc
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JceCxH50G0CmYeWyNwu0b_wnpNrjkoyM/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=113379756477507623253&rtpof=true&sd=true

## Authors
Roman Nabiullin  
Dinislam Gabitov  
Andrey Palaev  
Georgy Andryushchenko  
